Adds Support for TimeSeries.truncate for out of bounds/partial TimeRanges (#7922)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7922.breaking.rst

> Adds Support for `TimeSeries.truncate` for out of bounds/partial TimeRanges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.timeseries.TimeSeries.truncate` now will error if one attempts to truncate with an out of bounds timerange.
```

> `sunpy.timeseries.TimeSeries.truncate` now will error if one attempts to truncate with an out of bounds timerange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries.truncate` now will error if one attempts to truncate with an out of bounds timerange.
```

> `sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries.truncate` now truncates the timerange to the nearest time if it's out of range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries.truncate` now truncates the timerange to the nearest time if the input is out of range.
```

> `sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries.truncate` now truncate the timerange to the nearest timeseries if it's out of range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries.truncate` now truncates the timerange to the nearest timeseries if it's out of range.
```
